h3. Green IT Cloud Desktop
\\
{{html:
<iframe src="//player.vimeo.com/video/83776162" width="702" height="396" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen="" mozallowfullscreen="" allowfullscreen=""></iframe>
}}

Storing data privately and securely on behalf of your customers is absolutely critical. However this data needs to be instantly available for business applications and processes. To protect critical data, most organisations use backup storage on premise and within datacentres. Many customers and end users also need data synchronised between multiple devices. Laptops, smartphones and touchpads all need to share data between partners and colleagues.

Every day, new cloud enabled applications are launched to help protect, manage and share data. However, the diversity of data sources, applications and devices has led to increased complexity. As a result, IT managers are struggling to administer and secure all this data.

On each platform, there are again different applications needed and there is no centralised way of working possible: Tablets, PCs, smartphones, webapps. Even when synching between devices, it remains still limited and keeps confusing:

* Applications behave differently on Tablet, PC, Browser
* Your documents are not fully integrated with your applications
* There is minimal guarantee on security & reliability of your data
* Web apps never achieve the same level of desktop applications
* Sharing info with other people = dangerous, complex & insecure
* The sum of all tools is complex and expensive

Saudi Cloud has developed an all in one cloud desktop solution. A private desktop within a web portal offering secure private cloud storage. A platform to stream applications and data between any device and operating system for existing Windows and Office software as well as new free applications.

A simple environment that retains the same user interfaces and common system tools to keep all critical data securely backed up in an accessible yet private cloud.

Cloud Desktop is much more versatile than a traditional Virtual Desktop that uses a desktop operating system within a virtual machine (VM) running on a hosted, centralized or remote server. Cloud Desktop is not just moving the desktop to the cloud, it is allowing users to take advantage of the cloud and end the desktop chaos by centralising all applications and controlling all data in one single location!

User Benefits summarised:

* All data & applications available on all possible devices.
* Supports Any Thin Client / Desktop / Notebook
* Even works on some TV's
* 100% secure
* 100% data safety
* No maintenance needed (e.g. SW upgrades, backups)

Operator Benefits summarised:

* Disrupt PC business (Both for residential and SMEs)
* Disrupt SW distribution business by bringing open source (eg. Free) software to the masses.
* Enter into a new category (e.g. PC) by renting "PCs on a monthly basis"
* Increase ARPU thanks to additional storage capacity
* Increase billable traffic on your network
